Life.. it takes you places. When I was a 21 year old just finishing up college, little did I know that I would be where I am today. I was very confident that I would have made a mark for myself by the time I was 40. I was very sure. I had, even by that time, worked very hard than what most people would have at that age. I was, in general, very self confident. But then came life. One upset after another. And here I am today, pondering on what went wrong. 
It wasnt too bad. I was resilient and fought through a few. But I have definitely made a few big mistakes. I should have studied further. I knew I had to do it but I was always too focused on moving back to India. That was my greatest mistake. Instead of moving forward in life, I kept thinking about something for which I didnt have a solid plan. There are others too. Some are so bad I dont even want to mention them here.  The past few years have been a breeze. Once you have kids, things just move fast. I dont even remember how life was before kids. But I need to move on. Its all water under the bridge now. I need to be more vigilant on where I take my life. All my life, I have given more power to people around me to dictate my life. It should no longer be the case. I have been the best son I can be. The best brother I can be. And even though one might disagree, I have tried to be the best husband given the circumstances. Now I need to start living for myself. The only thing that I should think about is my kids. Other than that. Nothing. No family, no friends, nothing. That doesnt mean I am going to sideline everyone. It just means that I am going to put myself before everyone else. Put my needs before everyone else. 
I will work on my fitness and wellbeing. I will work on getting richer. I know. That sounds shallow. But that is what I need to do. I need to get rich. Of all the games of life, the one that makes you rich is the most challenging one. I knew the rules. I knew the game. But I hesitated to play it. Because I have always kept others before me. Always felt that someone else is better than me at the game. I need to stop doing this. I am much better than what I give myself credit for. I might even be better than the image of the best self that I am imagining now. But I need to get there. And the only way that it is possible is by working smarter. Not just harder. I need to layout a plan to do the best I can over the next ten years. 
I have really screwed up the past ten years. Thats ok. The next ten years is my decade. I am going to shine. I am going to perform at my peak and demand to be recognized. No more of this good boy bullshit. It has given me nothing. Has only made me weaker. I will not let that happen anymore. 

So, how am I going to do this?

Simple...

1. Focus on the process.
2. Measure.
3. Improve.

Sounds simple but this is not easy. 
The most important thing here is the process. I have reduced my priorities to keeping myself fit, taking care of my kids and increasing my wealth. Thats good. I have a few things to chase. So I can be more focused.

As for the fitness part, i need to come up with a plan. As of now, I just exercise. There is no plan. I have improved. But thats not good enough. I need to take a more systemic approach. 

I need to do this for all three of my goals. I need to come up with a manifesto for all three of these spheres of my life. It has to be a document which outline basic steps. Cannot be something that I have in my mind. I have to put it in words. Thats the only way I am going to improve. Really. Thats the only way. So I need to spend the rest of this week thinking about this. I need to put my strategy into words.  


